# Signature: Secure Password Generator

Deployed link: https://djbowen95.github.io/SignaturePassGen/

## Description
This is a secure password generator, built with HTML, JavaScript and CSS. It uses the JavaScript Math library to generate random numbers, and select characters from arrays, putting them together in a string which it returns to the user. The user can select which types of characters they would like to include in their password (Numbers, Lowercase, Uppercase, Special) and the length of their password.  
  
Developer's note: This is a primarily an exercise in CSS and JavaScript, which I built on the University of Birmingham Coding Bootcamp. I would not recommend using or reusing a password generated by my application, but rather, investing in a Password Manager. I personally use and would recommend Keeper: [url link here].  
## Table of Contents

- [Usage](#usage)
- [Further Development](#further-development)
- [Contribution](Contribution)
- [License](#license)
- [Version History](#version-history)
- [Questions](#questions)


## Usage
The deployed application can be found here: https://djbowen95.github.io/SignaturePassGen/

Click the 'generate' button to start the script. The script will command the browser to ask you a series of prompts (which character types do you want in your password, how long would you like the password to be).

Once the prompts have been answered, the generated password should appear in the empty field. Click 'generate' below to generate a new password / start the process over again. 

## Further Development
I am currently working on a rebuild of this application, functioning on giving it more professional CSS styling, and taking away the dependency on alert messages for user input. Some notes and a wireframe of the target project can be found here: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Gogx0THLrDjyfKNLljntteLB484MVRAl1v4PSzb7c3A/edit?usp=sharing.

## Contribution
This is a small portfolio project design to show my personal grasp of the fundamentals of HTML, CSS and JavaScript, and as such, I am not looking for pull requests / collaborative contributions. I do, however, welcome any suggestions of small upgrades or features I could integrate into my existing application. Please feel free to submit suggestions as an issue if you would like to contribute an idea.

## Version History
### 1.0 BootCamp Project
I want to keep a short account of what the project looked like when I first built it here. I have some images in the 'development images' folder to add when I fill out this section. 

## Questions
If you have any questions about this project, please contact me at:  
Email: djbowen95@gmail.com  
GitHub: [djbowen95](https://github.com/djbowen95)  
LinkedIn: [Daniel Bowen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/daniel-bowen-6266ba191/)